Hey Rocky!
Can you, Hey Rocky, tell me if it's freezing outside?
Hey Rocky, play my morning playlist, please.
I wonder, Hey Rocky, if the bakery is still open.
Hey Rocky, switch the TV to channel five.
Would you, Hey Rocky, check the garage door status?
Hey Rocky, how many minutes left on the oven timer?
Please, Hey Rocky, turn the desk lamp off.
Hey Rocky, what's the news on the stock market today?
Do you know, Hey Rocky, how to say "thank you" in Italian?
Hey Rocky, set the alarm for quarter past six.
Could you, Hey Rocky, tell me a good joke about cats?
Hey Rocky, is the front gate locked?
I need, Hey Rocky, to know the time in Tokyo.
Hey Rocky, turn the living room fan to low.
Can you, Hey Rocky, remind me to call the dentist?
Hey Rocky, what's the tallest building in the world?
Please, Hey Rocky, start the vacuum in the hallway.
Hey Rocky, how far away is the storm?
I was hoping, Hey Rocky, you could play some reggae.
Hey Rocky, could you check the mail for me?
Do you happen to know, Hey Rocky, if today is a holiday?
Hey Rocky, turn the bathroom light on, please.
Can you, Hey Rocky, tell me the square root of 144?
Hey Rocky, what time does the pharmacy close?
Could you please, Hey Rocky, pause the podcast?
Hey Rocky, how's the traffic looking downtown?
I'd like, Hey Rocky, to set a reminder for lunch.
Hey Rocky, turn off the coffee maker.
Please tell me, Hey Rocky, the forecast for Friday.
Hey Rocky, play something relaxing before bed.
Can you, Hey Rocky, check if the oven is still on?
Hey Rocky, what's the population of Germany?
Could you, Hey Rocky, open the blinds in the office?
Hey Rocky, how much longer until sunrise?
I was thinking, Hey Rocky, maybe we should turn on the heater.
Hey Rocky, set a five-minute egg timer.
Do you know, Hey Rocky, who won the game last night?
Hey Rocky, mute the television for a moment.
Please, Hey Rocky, tell me a fun fact about dolphins.
Hey Rocky, is there a faster train to the city center?
Can you, Hey Rocky, turn the porch light on?
Hey Rocky, how cold will it get tonight?
Could you, Hey Rocky, add eggs to my grocery list?
Hey Rocky, play the news briefing for today.
I need you, Hey Rocky, to check the front door camera.
Hey Rocky, what's the weather like in Paris right now?
Please, Hey Rocky, turn the volume down a notch.
Hey Rocky, how many calories did I burn today?
Can you, Hey Rocky, set a reminder for the meeting at nine?
Hey Rocky, close the curtains in the living room.
Do you know, Hey Rocky, what day the trash gets picked up?
Hey Rocky, play a lullaby for the baby.
Could you, Hey Rocky, tell me how windy it is today?
Hey Rocky, switch the smart plug on.
I was wondering, Hey Rocky, if it's supposed to hail tomorrow.
Hey Rocky, how long is the drive to the coast?
Please, Hey Rocky, turn on the hallway light.
Hey Rocky, what's the definition of "ambiguous"?
Can you, Hey Rocky, cancel my nine o'clock alarm?
Hey Rocky, is the dishwasher finished yet?
Could you, Hey Rocky, play some acoustic guitar music?
Hey Rocky, how far is the moon from Earth?
I'd appreciate it, Hey Rocky, if you could turn the AC off.
Hey Rocky, remind me about the parent-teacher meeting.
Do you happen to know, Hey Rocky, what the wifi password is?
Hey Rocky, turn up the brightness on the tablet.
Can you, Hey Rocky, check the pollen forecast for me?
Hey Rocky, what's the best route to the train station?
Please, Hey Rocky, stop the timer in the kitchen.
Hey Rocky, how many days until Christmas?
Could you, Hey Rocky, switch on the bedroom heater?
Hey Rocky, play something from the nineties.
I need, Hey Rocky, to know the humidity level right now.
Hey Rocky, turn off the outdoor speakers.
Can you, Hey Rocky, tell me a riddle about the ocean?
Hey Rocky, is it going to be sunny this weekend?
Please, Hey Rocky, dim the hallway lights slightly.
Hey Rocky, how long does the bus take to downtown?
Do you know, Hey Rocky, what the time difference is with London?
Hey Rocky, restart the smart speaker in the kitchen.
Could you, Hey Rocky, add bread to the shopping list?
Hey Rocky, what's the current price of gold?
I was hoping, Hey Rocky, you could tell me a joke.
Hey Rocky, turn the garden lights on at dusk.
Can you, Hey Rocky, check if the windows are closed?
Hey Rocky, how many ounces are in a liter?
Please, Hey Rocky, play the radio station I like.
Hey Rocky, set a reminder for my flight tomorrow.
Could you, Hey Rocky, tell me the UV index today?
Hey Rocky, turn the volume all the way down.
I wonder, Hey Rocky, if there's a shortcut to the mall.
Hey Rocky, what's the recipe for banana bread?
Can you, Hey Rocky, turn on the reading lamp?
Hey Rocky, how long has the timer been running?
Please, Hey Rocky, check the weather in Rome for me.
Hey Rocky, play something calm for meditation.
Do you know, Hey Rocky, when the next full moon is?
Hey Rocky, could you turn off the office lights?
Thanks so much, Hey Rocky, that was really helpful.