I had a hangover.
I brush my teeth and comb my hair.
I like the smell of rain.
I want to have my name taken off the list.
She was twenty-two years old and had never drank a Coca Cola in her life.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
The computer was hot and overheated.
We can’t get there on time.
She was hyped up and ready to get to work.
On the safari she went on in South Africa, she saw lions, elephants, and meerkats.
This was your big idea, remember?
There was a list of available candidates.
I beg your pardon.
House prices have gone up this year.
I made a list of people I wanted to invite to my party.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
I got the money back.
That's it, go to time-out!
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
I also have two credit cards.
She wasn't sure where all the lesbian bars had gone.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
The window looks out on a garden.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
She told him to grow up.
I do not like zoos.
We have weight training classes.
His last play was a big hit.
Where do you live?
If you want one piece of advice from me, it's to freeze your oranges before you eat them.
Why didn't you just call the police?
There are many things that confuse me about that.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
She came up behind him when he was on the phone.
I’ll talk to him first thing in the morning.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
Being late is never okay.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
His speech covered many subjects.
She had a black thumb.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
Blood is thicker than water.
You have a really big day ahead of you.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
Today is the first day he made it to work on time in a while.
Is she choking?
I won’t believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
She didn't know how much more of this she could take before she snapped.
His anxiety was driving me crazy, so I told a joke and made him laugh.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
That's typically how it goes now.
He is holding his wrist.
She didn't know if she was supposed to recognize him or not.
You don’t have to be into the wilderness to enjoy camping.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
She paid over a thousand dollars a month for her tiny studio apartment, which did not have a dishwasher or consistent heating.
I am busy right now with my work.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
There was a parade today.
Many large cities have smog.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
My dad killed my houseplants.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
Last night I got scared because of the movie I watched.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
I'm always late and I don't care.
She started wondering if he was cheating on her when she saw the receipt for an expensive jewelry purchase.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
It is what it is.
This is real life.
How's it going now that you're all alone?
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
That would be a really big surprise, wouldn't it?
I've got rough hands.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
The findings of a new study that looked at the heart of a swimmer vs the heart of a runner underscored how sensitive our bodies are to different types of exercise.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
"Oh god on earth!" he screamed.
A lovely day isn't it.
He reminds me of your brother.
I wanted to go to Milan, but the flights were expensive, so I settled for Florence.
He is the person to see.
Your house is beautiful.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
He had green welding goggles and when he wore them, he looked like a frog.
Your stance tells me.
The earth is far larger than the moon.
Why does it rain?
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
Their hot chocolate was very mediocre.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
When I am hungry, I eat food.
You're suffering from allergies.
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
Here's the shirt Tom gave me.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
Parenting is awesome.
She knew she should apply to jobs, but she was so tired, she really just wanted to take a day off.
He had always believed in magic.
Clothes make the man.
She got a cherry glazed donut and a black coffee.
What do you like to do when you’re alone?
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
What do you want to do when you grow up?
That was mean because I'm a geek.
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
Did you eat my leftovers out of the fridge?
I could help dad around here.
There was a 'No Smoking' sign over the doorway.
Her grandparents were very kind people but they didn't understand her.
The flowers smelled beautiful and made the room look happy.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
Does he go to school?
He's not the problem, I am.
In China, they eat watermelon with salt on it, because they say it makes things taste sweeter.
I have 30 jackets.
Do you think this is too big?
The banana was completely brown.
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
When she was six, Ivy said she wanted to be a raccoon when she grew up.
Why can you open the door?
The job was bigger than I anticipated.
I twisted my ankle but couldn't afford to pay for taxis, so had to keep walking on it for weeks.
What room am I in?
The course starts next Sunday.
My boyfriend prefers to watch movie trailers instead actual movies.
Tom kept me from making a big mistake.
The ocean is my favorite view.
The computer died in the middle of class.
He writes meaningless letters.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
I appreciate the opportunity I've had here, and I hope you guys have a great summer.
She ordered a mass box of fifty-two mac and cheese packets online.
Do you guys have any big plans tonight?
She gave up on babysitting after she had to change the baby's first diaper.
It won’t happen in our lifetime.
He found my lecture very interesting.
He wore a costume to the party.
I’m rather fond of him.
I went to the dentist for a check-up.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Chicago is one of the oldest cities in the Midwest.
She liked to wear a lot of rings.
I am just extremely proud of him.
You're a huge help.
Do you mind waiting an extra hour so I can read more of my book?
The pool was green and covered in gross-looking algae.
She wanted to live in a skyscraper but she settled for a walkup.
I may be a little bit drunk.
We saw her duck.
In England, TJ Maxx is called TK Maxx.
I have no idea.
She was drenched the moment she stepped outside.
I don’t get you.
Our translator speaks 4 languages.
The two kids snuck into the principal's office after school.
Are your grandparents doing well?
"The Communist Manifesto" is interesting, but hopelessly naive and idealistic.
Who broke my limited-edition Spacejam flower vase?
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
Juice was something I never drank.
She likes bananas.
Do you deliver to this address?
Bridges are art.
She will buy the red sweater.
Would you like to have some coffee?
She was homeschooled until she was thirteen.
The train is coming early today.
On her fifteenth birthday, her mom surprised her with a trip to Portugal.
He was dressed for work.
Tom didn't want to take such a big risk.
I do not like meat.
That’s right, and don't you ever forget it!
Anne likes to visit her aunt in Oklahoma.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
I want to have a pink bed this year.
That was last week.
The black rocks are smooth.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
Tom could be a big help to you, I think.
People always have justifications for hurting others, but they are rarely good justifications.
I've been a big fan of yours for a long time.
There's a big restaurant right down the street.
I caught a catfish yesterday with my bare hands.
It was windy and my hair was blowing all over my face.
I must have my TV set checked.
The police violently defend it.
California is in America.
May I have some water?
She knew as soon as she rejected the job that it was the wrong decision to make.
I was bored to death in the middle of class.
You need to look at the big picture here.
I only know one language right now.
What animal would you be and why?
I don't want to drink alcohol.
There are so many cute places to eat around here.
She asked him some questions.
You have a beautiful home.
I have seen the real you.
Sit down and shut up.
She liked to support independent coffee shops, but often couldn't afford the price-tags of their custom brews.
I prefer ice cream over cake.
Last weekend, she wanted to go to the wedding, but she wasn't sure it was safe.
He was efficient in his work.
I've had plenty of relationships that seemed like they'd work on paper, but in practice, they were a bad idea.
You have no idea what a relief it is.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
Today is a great day.
You go on a holiday every summer.
She liked to wear yellow lipstick and green eyeshadow.
The bus went roaring by her window at 6 am.
She worried that her inexperience was showing through, and she would never be hired again.
Once you join me, we can go visit the aquarium at the mall.
She repotted her plants instead of doing work because she felt lazy.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
He got on the teacher’s bad side.
Have you got a match?
Democracy over what we work on is called socialist "authoritarianism".
She loved nature documentaries, but she had a weird grudge against David Attenborough.
Life is full of ups and downs.
I like asparagus and brussel sprouts.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
He knows English better than I do.
Bobsled is a sporting event.
I like geography and science.
Traveling in a helicopter is scary.
She had never read any Nabokov, though she knew he was a classic writer.
I'm against big government.
They'll show you the way home when you’re drunk.
There was a flaky yellow stain on the living room floor from where the dog had peed.
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
He was dressed like a bear.
My family just got home.
Toothpaste will help keep your teeth clean.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
I have a whole list of people to call.
It’s not the end of the world.
An ENT removed the bug from his ear.
Pandas should come hug me.
There was a big earthquake last night.
You find people expressing many different opinions.
Did you open the door?
She was sick of seeing billboards for the iPhone 13 when she still had an iPhone 7.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
He was exhausted by the job search, but knew he wouldn't get to relax until he had found a job.
It's up to you.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
It was really nice of your mom to give me a ride home from school today.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
He gets angry easily.
Tom wants a discount.
To be honest, she didn't know what to do.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
I’ll do it sometime in the future, but I don’t know exactly when.
We are starting to enter a new chapter.
I have nowhere to go.
The delayed train has been an unexpected event today.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
He had to wear the cast for two months.
Are you ready for your big date?
She wished she had bought Bitcoin back in 2010.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
How long have you been seeing her?
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
He wondered what else he could craft with those.
I want to go there someday.
Would you like a nice warm slice of apple pie?
The blacksmith makes old-fashioned swords.
He is a smart boy.
I met a homeless person in NY.
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
That's one of my biggest problems.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
The steak is on the grill.
It makes a difference to me.
He needed thirteen stitches.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
She was convinced her father was a master chef.
The answering machine was full.
You're simply the best.
It looks like you have bigger problems.
Today, I met a vampire who liked to eat beets.
He couldn't afford to eat anything but ramen and rice.
I've never voted with him on anything.
The siblings could help each other.
In Australia, McDonald's is called Maccas.
My dad makes yogurt a lot.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
I wish I could talk to you about art.
What can I do for you?
There is not much to do in South Carolina other than sit on a beach.
I want many things for myself.
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen it yet.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
We are all in favor of this plan.
The clock was ticking and kept me awake all night.
I'm on the list.
I am the designated survivor.
Tom stood alone under a clock in the deserted train station.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
I’m on the fence.
I was in a boyband and we were signed to a label.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
The boys like superheroes.
I'll be back.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
Can I help you?
I just walked on the lamest window.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
I want to have fun with you.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
People love Chicago.
I can tell you're angry about the time change.
The library was quiet until we got here.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
I like open spaces.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
I will have to be more careful.
How big an idiot do you think I am?
Sighing, the professor put on the pirate hat.
I'll be back by 4.
She had never had prosecco but she wanted to try it.
These guys are the best.
He made the hard decision but the right one.
I won’t say anything until you tell him.
The sun rises at the east.
She liked patterned socks.
I have a surprise for you.
Are you worried about it?
I wish I grew up in the South and learned about country music earlier.
The old lady needed help crossing the street.
I hope your trip is relaxing.
Don’t open the door!
When she was in Iceland, she visited the Reykjavik Penis Museum.
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
They're not big fans of mine.
The sea looked grey and dirty, as though someone had dumped bathwater into the bay.
I've got a surprise for you.
You have a big house.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the green bag.
Not knowing what to do is the biggest problem.
His liver was failing.
She cancelled the date last minute because she was so stressed.
They got off on the wrong foot.
You need to understand how big this problem is.
Tom is wearing clothes that are too big for him.
You would somehow manage to make yourself understood.
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
She got a discount to buy the stickers online.
He didn't get the position.
How do you say that in English?
There is a bridge over there.
I like crawfish but oysters suck.
Look at that pumpkin!
That's the problem.
Look at me, Mom!
Your name has been dropped from the list.
I feel bad for telling him to wait.
Have you caught any big fish?
It's the size of a golf ball.
I'm sure he meant to do that.
I broke my phone.
The Avengers are heroes.
Tom is a big shot.
I like the Wimbledon.
I need your support like I need saggy skin.
Tom picked up his glass and took a big sip of wine.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
She lived in constant fear of being abruptly fired.
What do you need it for?
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches.
What a big dog!
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
She had never appreciated radio news shows.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
There was a big reception after the wedding.
All my friends are going, so I want to go.
A red jacket compliments any outfit.
Is it dangerous for dogs to eat onions?
I own a lot of property in Chicago.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
Can I lick the bottom of the ice cream container?
Everything has a beginning and an end.
She started crying after she finished the song.
This weekend is going to be the best weekend ever.
She bought a book at Powell's.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
I fell in the mud on my way home from school yesterday.
Blue eyes are brighter than brown.
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
She wished applying for jobs was easier.
Big time players will always make big time plays.
She bought the green eyeshadow spontaneously, then regretted the purchase.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
It was a massive lightning storm.
I need to go back to school.
I miss my college friends.
He is capable of the crime.
She thought Portuguese sangria was absolutely disgusting.
He assured me he would keep his promise.
My eyes are sweating.
She was wearing a white sweatshirt under a black winter coat.
Lincoln shot them.
She’s as stubborn as a mule.
Tom is just a farm boy living in a big city.
She is very responsible.
Wes likes watching old movies on Sunday nights.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
I just walked on thee coolest pillow.
My dog, Jake, barked at the mail carrier.
She is poor but quite respectable.
I planned to walk home, but my feet got so sore I had to find a bus stop instead.
Pandas are so adorable.
This is a real step forward.
She resolved to stop speaking out people when she was out on her walks.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
Skating is so much fun.
I just passed the funniest cheese wheel.
Spring is the prettiest season.
She’s the absolute best.
What do you do for Thanksgiving?
I seriously doubt she actually believes you.
I only eat fish.
I’ll do it right away.
He opens the door.
He owes me a lot of money.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
She wondered how many people actually bought the perch they kept behind the counter at coffee shops.
These sunglasses are too shiny.
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
You should never lie.
Would you like to leave a message?
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
Tigers are gorgeous.
I had a beta fish.
What's your favorite holiday?
As soon as we got there, we start working.
Cry all you want!
She wished she had taken the other job.
What's your favorite animal?
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
Once you begin you must continue.
Shake your hips back and forth!
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
Learning about other countries history is fun.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
She usually has to give in to her big sister.
When she heard they were moving to China, she was distraught.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
He worked in a city hospital.
I want to invest in some stocks now.
English Speaking Courses are the hardest ones.
The editor the newspaper hired laughed.
Very good job, sweetheart!
You can tell that the horse is fast.
The car was a fun spot to sit on.
I hope the dog doesn't slobber on me.
These places are so beautiful.
Could this be the start of something big?
I want to talk about something.
Can’t you open the door?
He was devastated when the Kardashians announced they were cancelling their TV show.
I thought you'd be full after eating that 18 oz steak.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
Time is money.
He wears suspenders instead of a belt.
The app wasn't loading for me.
Her editor's feedback was very frustrating to her.
He fell down the stairs so hard the breath was knocked out of him.
They were very surprised when their daughter ended up having green eyes.
When you are a teenager you read Nietzsche.
This should help you remember.
Please, take pity on me!
Have you spoken to him?
I could help mom around here.
Mary is a fan of theirs.
There've been some big changes made around here.
It's just too bad about the people though.
I've got too much work to do.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
He adds something different to the team.
I miss the beach.
We stayed on a boat last night.
I expect to be there this evening.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
I used to hear lawn mowers every day, but since I moved to the city, all I hear is the drone of city buses.
He gets up early every day.
Animal print adds a nice touch to plain outfits.
The rat sniffed around the maze, looking for cheese.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
He is with another woman.
You can order it spicy or classic.
These dancers are like family.
I took him to the park, ordered room service, and let him stay up late to eat ice cream.
What are some things you don’t like to do and why?
Nicky is a carpenter and 911 operator.
He had a sore throat, so I gave him my bottle of water.
They're a guerilla movement.
A wand gets its magic from the intention of its wielder.
She had a grudge against GrubHub.
The reward outweighs the risk in this situation.
The girl was sitting on the ledge.
Do you have a bigger one?
Orange juice is much better with the pulp in it.
He wished he had waited to move out until after he had found a job.
My mom drives a green jeep and my dad drives a black truck.
He wore a red shirt and khakis to Target and was mistaken for an employee.
The teacher tested us in English.
My turtle can be opinionated.
I can’t help thinking that I forgot to turn off the stove.
The kids were smiling from ear to ear.
We've been trying to go there for so long.
There are clothes everywhere.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
You can decide which smoothie place we go to.
He asked if she wanted room for cream in her coffee.
She preferred Pages to Word but had to use Word for the people who didn't have Apple devices.
I just made it.
He was so surprised that he dropped the dumbbells right on his foot.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
I want to sit down.
Can you pick me up at my place?
You must be happy.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
He wanted to wear lipstick but the lipstick was expired.
You have to take the good with the bad.
There are biscuits on the table if you want some.
Hurry up, slowpoke!
I'm always on time.
He drives to work.
Murders are very common in cities.
The airplane went through such bad turbulence that everyone thought they were going to die.
He’s a natural.
There is a species of humans called 'hobbits' which were very short and lived on an island in Indonesia thousands of years ago.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
Laken bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor, but now that I'm an adult, I don't want to do anything.
It is just what I need.
New York is called the Big Apple.
Where do you come from?
I wanted to leave the room because I was mad.
My papa once told me he wasn’t scared of dying.
Is he yours?
The way you said that didn't make sense.
Spiderman and Iron Man are two great men.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
This is just too big for one person to carry.
She was very surprised to hear from her old boss.
When you finish your rice, you can eat dessert.
She had many opportunities to give up, but she chose not to.
The rabbit leaped over the tiny fence.
I go to the bathroom.
She had a hairless cat when she was a kid.
Tigers live at the zoo.
I dressed as a fairy last Halloween.
At the bookstall, she bought two books, Interior Chinatown by Charles Yu and Orange World by Karen Russell.
Suddenly from under the stove there came a squeak.
What we had was a total lie.
I will make an observation.
This time last year I was stuck in a toxic relationship and was going through hell mentally and almost lost friends over it.
When they first met, they didn’t get along.
I don’t like tea.
Are you sure you don't have anything bigger?
The businessman had many important meetings.
Do you have any hidden talents?
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
When do they test the tornado sirens?
You're making a big fuss about nothing.
The risk is higher if you wait to go to the hospital.
What do you want me to say?
I don't like desk lamps.
Her face turned red because she was embarrassed.
Have you opened the door?
The majority of banks are introducing this system.
Here's my big brother. Doesn't he look good?
Are you really going to ignore me, after everything that happened yesterday?
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
Their efforts embarrassed them.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
She’s being economical with the truth.
Do you think Tom will come?
We ate a big dinner and then went right to bed.
It is sad that his dog got ran over by a truck.
His mom let him play with a slingshot.
I have a birthday coupon to use.
On top of the mountain, he started screaming and could not stop.
The Avengers series is basically over.
She always thought matcha looked gross and unappetizing.
I opened the door.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
Tom has a tiny apartment.
She learned the different types of clouds in second grade.
The cat coughed up a hairball that was almost the same size as she was.
He plays the violin as well as the fiddle.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
It enhanced what he did vocally.
You have to share it with other tenants.
I wished that father could be here to see this.
He likes to swim in the lake.
I think you need to make a few different choices to get yourself where you want to be.
You can't pick her headstone.
The chickadee sat on her windowsill.
I fell in the mud as I was walking home from school today.
He got a tattoo with another woman.
She liked to pickle all her vegetables, even carrots and onions.
The girl lived in a very expensive apartment, but didn't take care of it.
I will open the door.
A wooden chair can get uncomfortable.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
This is because we feel pain.
She's drop-dead gorgeous.
When are we going to start the grill?
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
I need to go home.
That's one of her favorite activities: to put on a classic rock playlist and wake surf until she couldn't feel her legs.
She ripped a big hole in the back of her jeans and didn't notice for hours.
Moral Foundations Theory states that there are five main moral foundations which inform people’s moral decision-making
My parents are from China.
Her window frame was rusty, so she had to pull really hard to get it open.
She wished she had a key that could take her anywhere.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
When he decided to investigate the crime, he had no idea he'd learn so much about his family.
Most scientists tend to agree with me.
What time should I drop the kids off at school?
Happy Birthday to my 152 year old lover, Canada.
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
Tom is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
I want to learn all of the words in the dictionary by July.
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
There used to be a big pond around here.
that's not even how to kill me.
He’s down on his luck.
My bandaid wasn't sticky any more so it fell off on the way to school.
That is very nice of you to say.
He is my elder brother.
The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
Alex works for 4 hours every day.
The work itself is very easy.
He was trained to do this.
he has skipped school on many occasions.
Apple picking is not in season.
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
They had been dating for seven years by the time they got engaged.
There was a big gold star on the door.
Her Youtube video was demonetized because it had a copyrighted song in it.
What she really wanted was a turkey sandwich, but all she had was ham.
Everything will be okay in the end.
He’s stretching the truth.
I wanted to do well in the interview.
Tom wants a nicer house.
Black attracts sunlight more than white.
“Jimmy,” my grandmother warns.
The sirens went off in the middle of the night and woke us all up.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
I am dreaming of a better world.
I write fake news.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
What do you call that in English?
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
All this is due to our change in teaching methods.
I’m taking a little road trip to Oklahoma City this morning.
We will walk in the garden later.
You're the best person I know.
This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Why don’t we go dancing?
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday like I was supposed to.
She is my elder sister.
People are really out there thinking we can stop fascism by pointing out that they made factually inaccurate statements somewhere along the way.
The lake looked brown and foamy, like the water was filled with sand.
I prefer to go to school.
One time, as a joke, I tried to live a meaningful, authentic existence where I pursued my real passions in a genuine expression of my freedom.
Every time she left the apartment, she was scared she'd come home to find all her valuables stolen or irreparably burned in a horrible fire.
You're not looking at the big picture here.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
I’ve asked you a thousand times not to leave your dirty socks on the floor.
I want a complete list of your books.
We can go to the museum.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
She cleaned out her fridge and found a wrinkled orange in the back of it.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
She is my younger sister.
She kept getting distracted by her own face in the camera viewfinder.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
It was a tough time.
There is nothing holding us back.
I need to look at your car.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
They’ll keep its name and French identity.
We are going to have the best day.
She hated the color pink, even though she had loved it as a child.
He stopped to smell the flower.
Her mom asked her to come home for Christmas.
Her handbag matches her clothes perfectly.
Tom pointed at one of the names on the list.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
The windows looked out over the backyard.
It’s about 8 miles away.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
Any cop who claims not to like donuts is a liar.
She liked the color green, so she decided to make her entire bedroom green, and even installed green carpet.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
She was starting to run out of things to say.
Your neighbor cut down my trees.
I was already sorry that you had to work with Blake.
Walking up to a random stranger is scary.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
I've got a list.
Ken's uncle has a chicken farm.
A billionaire doesn't know what it means to be broke.
My only thing is that I'm working from home tomorrow.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
His appearance terrified her and she screamed.
The dancer gave him a cigarette.
He doesn’t teach math.
I want to talk to Prince Harry when I’m in England.
I trust you so much.
Do you have a bigger frying pan?
He wanted to move in with his girlfriend, but she had painted every wall of her house pink, and he couldn't stand it.
She sunburned herself so badly she looked like a tomato.
Those are big watermelons.
Tom is fat-headed.
What's your favorite movie?
Do you recognize this woman?
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
The Avengers are stupid.
Our destination is quickly approaching.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
Can you give me a minute?
She has blue eyes.
I'm going to the mall.
When he saw the notebook at the market, he knew his husband would love it.
We can go to lunch.
There was a big fire near my house last night.
It rather suprised me.
I am going to return this sweater because it's too big.
I could hang out with her.
I'll be right with you.
I haven't spoken t o my childhood best friend in over a decade.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
She hated first dates.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
They sleep in the afternoon.
She’s trying to drown her sorrows.
Are you all right?
There is one open baby swing.
There were four people playing the game: her, her boyfriend, her boyfriend's roommate, Steve, and Steve's girlfriend, Cara.
I need to start.
You are more than just your shopping cart.
He is a big name in journalism.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
When I was a kid, I had a best friend named Marissa.
The roof leaks every time it rains.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
Airplanes are, statistically, the safest form of transportation.
This dress is too big for me.
She was very bad at keeping plants alive.
George brushes his teeth twice a day.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
She had nothing else to say to him.
Geese are annoying because they walk slow across the street.
Watermelon juice is insanely good.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual.
Old habits die hard.
I opened the box and found a small ring in it.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
She couldn't get a job because she didn't have a permanent address.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
They will arrive in half an hour.
No, I haven’t cleaned my room yet.
It’s right around the corner.
I want to get my wisdom teeth out.
They want to make it bigger.
The earthquake was the scariest one that we had ever experienced.
That's a pretty big job to do all by yourself.
The snake in the grass made me jump.
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
Another cat showed up at my house.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
John went to the store.
It’s getting dark.
I am here for you.
I have only a few seconds left in which to remind you of that.
I have not opened the door.
I'm going to Lollapalooza.
It’s on me.
I’ll buy you a drink.
She is a very smart girl.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
"Come over and see me after your swim," he said.
He is tough, but I am even tougher.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
I love it because it is so comfortable.
When she went to the pool, she didn't know what she'd find.
My false teeth are stuck to it.
He’s as strong as an ox.
She loved the overnight train from Prague to Krakow.
You can really get into the soul of the song with that.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
The mother read a story to her son.
Babies are so cute but fragile.
I have a brochure for our vacation.
It could be the biggest mistake you ever make.
The squirrel snuck inside the house and ended up in the toilet.
Philosophy was great until the nerds took over and started putting math symbols every other sentence just to try to sound smart.
Bailey wishes he had a nicer car.
You might want to consider how cute they look in pajamas.
The concert was a real disappointment.
Keep your hands to yourself!
I don't care how long your socks are.
She went to the doctor when she felt aches in her left calf.
What do you think of this one?
Racecar backwards is racecar.
She would have sold her soul for a bowl of spaghetti bolognese.
Are you sure that's not a moose?
Malala Yousafzai got married yesterday.
This box is three times as big as that one.
Truth is the daughter of time.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
I'd like you to show me where the sweaters are.
She wanted a week or two off of work, just to try to reduce her stress level.
I begin to dress.
I don’t think he will win his game.
Her parents had been separated for almost three years, but she never expected them to actually go through with the divorce.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
She was an extremely fast typer, and could usually manage over ninety words a minute.
I tie my tie.
When you sit down for a long time, it hurts.
Her expression was unreadable.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
The price just covers the pre-tax cost.
She was always worried that everyone secretly hated her.
I need to stop spending money.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
There was a rock concert in 1970.
When she got her new ID, they hole-punched her old one.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
That's why they pay us the big bucks.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
That man is creepy.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
You can make ice cream.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
Don't forget to wash behind your knees.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
Their impressive literacy skills must be mentioned.
She wanted to get a master's degree because she missed school.
I almost hit a wild rooster crossing the road and that’s pretty much the Kansas experience.
You don’t have children.
I want to play.
Hairless cats are probably cold a lot.
Show me your rates, please.
Donuts with cream are nasty.
I couldn’t tear myself away from you even if I tried.
What's bothering you?
What was the big announcement?
You look a bit down today.
How do you expect me to bake a turkey with a broken oven?
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
Capitalism efficiently allocates resources according to our needs and wants.
They had a very bad breakup.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
The volume was up too high on the television.
I am dirt poor.
I need to stop.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
We're coming to get you.
I tried to tell her thank you, but what came out instead was, "Garhgdahook."
How big you are!
Great players often practice harder than their peers.
She liked mustard and onions on her hotdog, but nothing else.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
Kim and Matt are members of the school swim team.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
New experiences are the best.
All the bikes locked up outside the subway station are missing either a wheel or a seat.
The castle is on top of a cliff.
He’s a bit tipsy.
What time do you get up every day?
The plant was dying a sad little death.
The more I eat the bigger my appetite gets.
I'm hoping they'll give me a big raise.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
She was dying to get breakfast out, but she couldn't afford it.
She wasn't sure if she liked him or not.
My watch is faster than yours.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
It’s difficult to say, but I think our customers are more satisfied.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
Corduroy and double-denim are back in.
To be honest with you, I am older than you think.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
I have fewer brothers than you.
The girl in red is his girlfriend.
Tom's father is not written on his birth certificate.
It's stressful to watch other people sing.
Her fridge was very old.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
I feel like blowing something up.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should wear.
Peter ate french fries.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
Are you seriously going to let him talk about me that way?
I don't think I liked the movie.
Time is more valuable than money.
My daughter does the laundry.
We should be able to resolve our differences.
I was taking care of the dog.
My sweater got caught on the door hinge.
She wasn't sure how people with full-time jobs managed the lack of vacation days.
He fell behind with his work.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
I studied ethics in school because everything else bored me.
She wanted her grandmother's old bike, but the tires were worn out and she couldn't find a shop that could replace them.
How big a discount did you get?
A man from my future came to me today.
I am here to be pushed to a higher level.
I don't want to live in a mansion.
We will make a snowman this winter.
I made a mistake in choosing my wife.
My family isn't such a big family.
Last time I went on vacation I rode a horse.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but we have a big problem.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
I can't swim after I drink milk.
It was a big honor to be asked to give a speech.
My father doesn’t speak good English.
They're almost three times as big as we are.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
The wind was so strong it swept her hat right away.
Asia has a very long and interesting history.
Where were you born?
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
Stand up straight!
Hairless cats scare me.
Look at the blackboard!
The bike shop had special bike racks out front, which were shaped like bicycle wheels.
There is no honor among thieves.
Tom lives in a white house.
Our competitors don't normally ask us for advice, but when an airline leader reached out, we couldn't ignore it.
Paul gave me a present.
He's got the biggest eyebrows I've ever seen.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
He is whistling at the car.
My sister likes to eat cheese on her peanut butter sandwich and pickles on her ice cream.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
The baby was in a parka in the stroller.
You didn’t tell me you wanted to come.
Do you think it's worth something?
She is a composer for the harp.
I need to start stealing things.
I didn't realize that the app was an invitation-only kind of thing.
I also did not want to just close it down.
Mrs. Lee’s class took a field trip to Austin.
I'm going to make you a list of what needs to be done.
The big green plant was starting to droop at the stem.
The Pearl Tower in Shanghai is one of the most memorable sites in China.
George works on a small farm.
Tom is looking for a bigger house to live in.
Her mother was losing her mind.
He thought the movie was great except for the scene with the cantaloupe.
Meredith made a list of songs she doesn't like.
There've been some big changes made around here recently.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
Dad is going to work.
Do you know what day it is?
To do as you suggest would be out of the question.