He feels small next to him.
Learning about other countries history is fun.
He had a knife to his throat.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
Please, take pity on me!
She became more and more beautiful.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Her water bottle had a built-in filtration system.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
I was taking care of the dog.
I have a surprise for you.
The girl had very long, very pretty hair and round glasses.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
It’s not very likely that she went out for lunch.
Sarah's coffee had started to cool down.
It's stressful to watch other people sing.
There's a big bottle of aspirin in the medicine cabinet.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
I have 10 hair curlers.
I have a whole list of people to call.
Why not go back to them and tell them you changed your mind?
Juice was something I never drank.
She bought the book because she liked the movie, not realizing the two were very different.
You need to look at the big picture here.
Yes, it is unfair to the people who paid off their student loans to cancel everyone's debt now.
She was a firm believer in the power of McDonald's chicken nuggets to fix all problems.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
Pandas are fat.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
She knew they were going to sabotage her, but she had no way to stop them.
They want Alaskan salmon for lunch.
It makes me forget all my problems.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
You have no idea what a relief it is.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
I'm not a big fan of snacking.
I pick you up in front of the hotel.
She was interested in photography but couldn't afford a camera.
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
She was very tired as a general rule.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
People always have justifications for hurting others, but they are rarely good justifications.
How do you say that in English?
He's got some brain condition that makes him think he's a flamingo.
They moved the house across the state with them.
Wearing long sleeves in the winter is a good idea.
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
I went to the dentist the other day, and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
I agree it’s not bad to steal from a convenience store.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
Can you let me know when you're here?
She had always wanted to be a boxer, but was so weak that she never made it more than a class or two before giving up.
If only I could fly.
In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jacks.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
He struck his attacker in the ear.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
I don't want to live in a mansion.
My sister just got home.
Great benefits are included in the deal.
How do you expect me to bake a turkey with a broken oven?
I'd like you to show me where the sweaters are.
She still loves him.
I dressed as a fairy last Halloween.
He's finally stopping.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
The professor marked down one point for every use of the word 'interesting' in a paper.
I need to look at your car.
Life is full of ups and downs.
It's just too bad about the people though.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
Mind your own business!
I want a complete list of your books.
Being fashionable is easy.
Bumble is better.
There are eggs in the nest.
Can I open the door?
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
I’m not big on commitment.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
She wished applying for jobs was easier.
Save your appetite for dinner.
He loves to play basketball.
Lying and stealing are immoral.
She doesn’t teach chemistry.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
My father doesn’t speak good English.
Did you go to college?
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
Ridiculous!
A wooden bridge was built over the river.
You came to me and give me everything I need.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
She had five piercings in each ear.
Your sister is my best friend because she always shares her treats with me.
The airplane went through such bad turbulence that everyone thought they were going to die.
This dinner is so delicious that I can't stop eating.
I like asparagus and brussel sprouts.
I think I could convince Tom to put you on the list.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
You're pulling my leg.
This is just too big for one person to carry.
Cows eat grass.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
I appreciate the opportunity I've had here, and I hope you guys have a great summer.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you see the little red bird over there?
Who wrote “Treasure Island”?
They are cruel to the animals.
The car was a fun spot to sit on.
Things aren't always easy.
You have a big house.
You look a bit down today.
I can't find the page you're talking about.
I expected there to be more people at the party.
Tommy lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
Where do you live?
It's storming outside.
Doing more exercise will help you get rid of a few kilos.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
What time is the pizza supposed to be here?
We have the advantage.
He had green welding goggles and when he wore them, he looked like a frog.
Under capitalism, "freedom" is when one person owns everything and tells everyone else what to work on.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
How old were you when this town had its big fire?
He is worried about you.
She edited the photo to make herself look more green, because she liked the color green.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
She found a cool vintage sweatshirt while thrifting.
The big building was blazing with lights.
Capitalism efficiently allocates resources according to our needs and wants.
Do you mind if I smoke?
Has he come to get you yet?
You don't need 20 captains.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
Me and my sister don’t see each other anymore.
She was very tired and frustrated.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
That’ll have to wait.
I like geography and science.
You don't have to pay rent for two years.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
We closed the deal successfully.
One time, as a joke, I tried to live a meaningful, authentic existence where I pursued my real passions in a genuine expression of my freedom.
Jessica wants a new book.
He was efficient in his work.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
In Guam, she laid in the sun and ate mangoes all day.
She knew she should apply to jobs, but she was so tired, she really just wanted to take a day off.
Tom is fat-headed.
We can go to the oark.
Tulips grow every year.
You are more than just your shopping cart.
It could be the biggest mistake you ever make.
I am grateful for my friends.
The big green plant was starting to droop at the stem.
Your car is not as fast as mine.
Murders are very common in cities.
Apple picking is not in season.
Her bra strap snapped while she was jogging.
My dog, Jake, barked at the mail carrier.
He was dressed for work.
Who's Archibald?
Why would he go to all that effort for a free pack of ranch dressing?
He got a tattoo with another woman.
When she was six, Ivy said she wanted to be a raccoon when she grew up.
You don't need to leave so early.
There are so many cute places to eat around here.
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
Her mom told her to calm down, but she couldn't relax.
I may be a little bit drunk.
Trees are small when they are first planted.
It enhanced what he did vocally.
I've got a list.
Mary enjoys cooking.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
Her window frame was rusty, so she had to pull really hard to get it open.
"No, it was the elephant's tail," she said.
Mr. White went to the store last night.
I just saw the most eccentric brick.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
He was dressed like a peacock.
They called each other over the iPad each morning during breakfast.
The spa was called Blue Mercury.
The mouse was so hungry he ran across the kitchen floor without even looking for humans.
She was the one that got away.
Children actors do their best, but they're generally very bad at being convincing.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
His father runs a restaurant.
He was trained to do this.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
When is your birthday?
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
She didn't understand why everyone loved his music so much.
Everyone who goes to expensive gyms likes to wear the same all-black outfits.
They got married quickly after their engagement was finalized.
What do you see?
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
Being fashionable is fun.
He wished that time would pass faster.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
I take ten minutes to get there.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
The eggs are sold by the dozen.
Having a monkey is illegal.
The rest of the party attendees had fallen silent.
How long was she on the run before they caught her?
I am about as tall as my father now.
Tom has written down the things we need to do.
He wore a red shirt with orange pants and green shoes.
He had a sore throat, so I gave him my bottle of water.
I feel bad for telling him to wait.
What you're suggesting is just not practical.
There is no honor among thieves.
She went to Oktoberfest and got drunk on half a stein of beer.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
The chandelier swayed in the breeze, sending dust drifting over the tables.
A ninety-year-old man finished the Athens marathon last year.
I made a list.
Have you ever been late a day in your life?
Which is faster, a train or a bus?
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
The security is the safest around.
George works on a small farm.
It's very cool to watch a bubble as it freezes over.
Bad news travels fast.
Tom is looking for a bigger house to live in.
She reads like a child playing dress-up, an intern clothing herself out of her mother’s old work clothes.
That man is creepy.
Tinder works.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
You, as the maker, get to decide the design.
Going to the city is a good time to dress up.
My boss would have a big problem with that.
What's your favorite animal?
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
My dad makes yogurt a lot.
He often wished he was born in a time before social media.
The sun rises at the east.
The air conditioner stayed in the window well into December.
She had many opportunities to give up, but she chose not to.
I will take this bill to pay later.
Does he play tennis?
A yardstick is 3 feet long.
I get on the bus.
Where are you going in such a hurry?
They employed him as a consultant.
Moving to the next step is daunting.
I like your haircut.
I left some donuts on the side of the road.
Her face turned red because she was embarrassed.
Strawberries are in season.
The movie industry became a big business.
All that glitters is not gold.
He gets angry easily.
The gum on my shoe is too sticky.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
They will arrive in half an hour.
His shirt is covered in sweat.
You look really sharp today.
I feel like I am going to pass out.
My family isn't such a big family.
We are divided on our opinions.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
I got my hair cut today and they did it way too short.
Tom is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
A small town lies between the big cities.
You don’t have to be into the wilderness to enjoy camping.
She wanted to be bold but was too afraid to start.
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
My computer gets really heavy after a while.
He wanted her to slow down a little bit as she sang.
You don’t have children.
I have the flowers.
Tinder doesn't work.
I trust you so much.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
Don't even look at me!
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
Her fridge was very old.
She thought math tests were the devil's work, and as a kid, actually wondered if her teacher, Mrs. Madison, was Satan.
Please don't touch that!
The cat jumped over the fence.
They could be together.
It wasn't a big store, right?
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
She will switch the light off.
We live in Texas.
I ordered a new laptop case yesterday.
The birds flew south.
The pool was green and covered in gross-looking algae.
Golf is both a physical and mental game.
I love my college friends.
What are you listening to?
He can't take the joke.
The train leaves every morning at 6AM.
Tom also broke his big toe on his right foot.
I’ll do it sometime in the future, but I don’t know exactly when.
My pants were falling down so I added a belt.
What would you change about yourself if you could change one thing?
I write fake news.
There was a fire last night.
She doesn’t study German on Mondays.
Leapin' lizards!
His stomach was sore from the punch.
She liked to pickle all her vegetables, even carrots and onions.
There were rats all over the neighborhood.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
There is nobody else I could go with.
I’d like to honor an event.
I don't want to drink alcohol.
Sometimes I get confused where the ball went.
Chicago is one of the oldest cities in the Midwest.
Tragedy brings hope.
Wiggle your fingers!
She hadn't cleaned her desktop in several years.
If you don't tell me where he went, I am going to start crying.
There was a big gold star on the door.
There's a big black truck parked in your driveway.
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen it yet.
My bandaid wasn't sticky any more so it fell off on the way to school.
He bonded with his father over music.
She’s the absolute best.
There's no way to totally protect someone's parents.
You can order it spicy or classic.
It's not going to be a problem.
The blacksmith makes old-fashioned swords.
Steve doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
She washed the tomatoes.
I do not eat meat.
Do you eat ice cream?
Our past is important to remember.
I don't know much about banking.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
She ripped a big hole in the back of her jeans and didn't notice for hours.
That movie franchise is amazing.
Cows like to stand outside and eat grass all day.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
The wall had fresh paint on it.
Pet pigs are cleaner than dogs.
You have to share it with other tenants.
I don’t hate you.
He was married to a friend of mine.
Tom stood alone under a clock in the deserted train station.
I'm putting Tom on the list.
His anxiety was driving me crazy, so I told a joke and made him laugh.
There was a rock concert in 1970.
You make me so happy.
Since the moment I first put on the suit, it’s been the greatest gig of my life.
It is not so easy as you think.
The river flows so fast.
There were seven balloons at the store.
Don't blame her for her own death.
May I come in?
You had me worried for a moment.
Glass is better than plastic for nice dinners.
My lunch included a peanut butter sandwich, crackers, juice, and a cheese stick.
She wanted to buy a really nice pan, but it was $120, and that was almost a full day's work.
Is there anything I can do to help?
Don’t get too excited!
I like the Wimbledon.
She miscalculated the amount of broth in her soup and inadvertently boiled it all off.
Would you like a bigger one?
I will never choose to be with you, even if we are the last two humans on earth.
I was not in a good mood on Friday.
This is too big for one person to carry.
To save you such embarrassment, here are a few simple examples.
No sport should be called football.
The plant was fake but looked very real.
You took out someone you cared for.
It felt great to disconnect with technology.
My hands are too big to fit into these gloves.
A lovely day isn't it.
She waited until the elevator was full to clear her throat and say, “You guys might be wondering why I called this meeting."
How do you celebrate the 4th of July?
Racecar backwards is racecar.
This desk which I bought yesterday is very big.
He is in his normal clothes.
This lasagna is delicious.
That’s a huge load off my mind.
He didn't like the beach because he didn't like sand.
Their impressive literacy skills must be mentioned.
Did you get that?
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
Do we know each other?
When she heard the sirens, she knew something was seriously wrong.
She graduated high school in 2003.
The park has a soccer field.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual.
The sunset was breathtaking.
Cry all you want!
So what's the big hurry now?
We ate a big dinner and then went right to bed.
Don't forget to wash behind your knees.
You use this after something broken has been repaired.
He has a nice sum of money put away.
I don't owe you anything.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
I made a mistake in choosing my wife.
This is the biggest car in the world.
The thing she missed most after she moved was the restaurant's from the city.
There are so many sandwiches on the table.
It was a real letdown that the baby had colic.
He opened the door.
You can really get into the soul of the song with that.
That was a stroke of luck.
She had always liked the look of leather pants but was too insecure to wear them herself.
The gorilla beat his chest.
China has a higher population than Japan.
Do you consider yourself a liberal or a conservative?
It had been so long since she had seen him, she actually had to check the yearbook to remember his last name.
Kim and Matt are members of the school swim team.
She would have sold her soul for a bowl of spaghetti bolognese.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
On top of the mountain, he started screaming and could not stop.
She starts working at eight in the morning.
These are used for cautioning someone to wait and not make a bad decision.
She couldn't find the basket she was looking for.
I am Loki.
She sells Christmas trees.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
Earlier this month, they collaborated with a popular true crime podcast to create a series about an ongoing murder trial.
He was a slow-moving man.
They should hang out.
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
"What a day we're having!" her mother sighed.
To be honest, she didn't know what to do.
It was no big deal.
We are going to the hospital tonight.
You might think you’re just not that talented.
i really enjoyed meeting you guys and experiencing the other side of catering events, but the late hours and insufficient wages deterred me from continuing this job.
You were right.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
Can’t you open the door?
That woman is creepy.
I don't mess around with diets; when I'm hungry, I eat.
A wet road is usually slippery.
You connect with nature, and whether you plant flowers or vegetables, you get great satisfaction once the fruits of your labor start appearing.
The lake looked brown and foamy, like the water was filled with sand.
There is a big park near my school.
He is the happiest man alive.
He won the race through his determination and focus.
Have you ever lived in a big city?
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
He got on the teacher’s bad side.
This car is smaller than that one.
She wanted to find a job that paid well but didn't require her to do any work.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
Are your grandparents doing well?
Which is deeper, a lake or an ocean?
I'm sorry to disturb you, but we have a big problem.
he has skipped school on many occasions.
How old is he now?
She told him to grow up.
Tom gave Mary a long kiss.
The President is back.
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
He’s stretching the truth.
I need to go home.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
He didn't get the position.
Those are big watermelons.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of the few famous people who can actually sing.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
I just walked on the furriest lawn.
Her landlord kept her apartment very warm.
We have cardio classes everyday.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
He didn't know where he was supposed to go for his interview.
Does it make a big difference?
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
It is usually the best singer who wins the show.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
Now you must answer some big questions.
When I was a kid, I had a best friend named Marissa.
It's the size of a golf ball.
She always worried that sings would embarrass themselves, because if she was in front of a crowd she would always be worried about embarrassing herself.
Yes, philosophically speaking, all tweets are bad, but to be fully human is to rebel against this fact – to send our terrible tweets out into the universe anyway.
We go to the gym club together.
She constantly thought she was one mistake away from being fired.
She gave him a wide grin.
She’s trying to drown her sorrows.
Time is money.
I want to eat.
I have the list.
In South Africa, there are more than three times as many lions in captivity as there are in the wild.
Are you opening the door?
I wish Star Wars had a happier plot.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
I can’t make up my mind.
I want to sit down.
Her hands were all scabbed over.
I have a small house.
When the fire alarm went off, she almost started crying.
Mary is a fan of theirs.
It smells very delicious in the kitchen.
She told them what she wanted to do with her life, and they laughed.
Her ex-boyfriend showed up on her doorstep, crying.
He has a chip on his shoulder.
It was the start of a golden age for French restaurants in New York that continued for decades.
I love my friends.
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
The company went public in 1990.
You can always count on your pet pig to perform some tricks for you when you’d like to impress a pretty girl.
There is nothing about the situation I could relate to.
She smiled so hard her front tooth popped out.
The store had multiple skeletons they claimed were real, alongside a taxidermies, two-headed calf.
You can bring it back if you don't like it.
She cleaned out her fridge and found a wrinkled orange in the back of it.
She preferred Pages to Word but had to use Word for the people who didn't have Apple devices.
Today is a great day.
I hate being late more than anything.
They painted the coffee shop ceiling black.
Pikachu used foot massage.
Being fashionable is expensive.
The last city I wanted to visit was Boston.
She was determined to summit Mount Everest before she turned twenty-nine.
They were the nation's biggest business.
Options are limited.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
There is a hefty ransom.
They sleep in the afternoon.
It’s fascinating that you know all the planets.
How beautiful she is!
It would be crushing for him to lose both of his parents in a single year.
I'm actually newly single.
I’m scared that he won’t ever come home.
She has a beautiful smile.
I can't swim after I drink milk.
It doesn't matter what college you went to.
How did you know that I was going to have a peanut butter sandwich for lunch?
Help yourself.
Back in the day, I was a checker-playing champion.
The volume was up too high on the television.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
I want a diagram of all Tom's relatives.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
You don't have to make a big deal out of it.
I am completely drunk.
The other baristas are so weird.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
I would have forgotten her birthday if Facebook didn't remind me.
It's an awfully important job.
Nevermind, then!
She's laying her first egg.
Mary brushes her teeth twice a day.
Time is of the essence.
I made a smoothie for her.
I hate cats even more than I hate dogs.
How was I supposed to know he hated salami?
I’d like to talk about the benefits of having a pet pig.
She plays basketball.
Land is good.
It is time to embrace the adventure.
I am looking for a job.
That's a great job, Kimberly.
The gang's all her.
I wish I could talk to you about art.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
She got her first iPad when she was two years old.
There is nothing holding us back.
Are you sure?
I need to make a burger.
They made crispy chicken.
If you go there, you will find him.
I'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake.
This shop is much nicer.
He was wearing a vest.
When she tripped over the stone, her heart fell in her chest.
The concert was a real disappointment.
Deodorant helps to prevent embarrassing moments.
They're a guerilla movement.
Do you guys have any big plans tonight?
Naps are good for you.
The chickadee sat on her windowsill.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor, but now that I'm an adult, I don't want to do anything.
Sarey lives alone in a remote cabin.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
I had a hangover.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
At first, he was very excited by the salary of his new job in New York,  but then he realized how expensive it was to live there.
We love the idea of taking over a legacy restaurant.
What do you like to do in the winter?
Being fashionable is not expensive.
Tom took a big bite out of his sandwich.
The boys like superheroes.
Tom is a baseball fan.
Always stop when you see the sign.
Tom would have a big problem with that.
Where did you see him?
I am filthy rich.
We can go to the museum.
We made it to the club.
Greer isn't listed in the phone book.
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
Are we not on the same page?
She hated first dates.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
He is opening the door.
You can either stay or leave.
She ordered a small hot chocolate, but they charged her for a large.
She liked to wear yellow lipstick and green eyeshadow.
The president gets a lot of criticism.
I spread the map on the table.
In Chicago, in December, it got dark at 4 pm.
It makes a difference to me.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
I got the money back.
I need your support like I need saggy skin.
I see more than one star.
You did right in me by telling the truth.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
I took some photos of our lunch.
All my friends are going, so I want to go.
I do not want to smoke.
I miss my boyfriend.
She found little pellets of iron in her garden bed.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
He had no idea how to build a car, but he figured it couldn't be that hard.
It's raining outside.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
The planet hadn't yet been discovered.
The candy store closed because nobody wanted to shop there.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
You need is to calm down.
Come on down!
It's raining and thundering.
A hunch is an instinctive feeling.
I hope you're ready for action.
Most of the time, when I go to Target, I spent at least two hours looking at clothes.
They were afraid of the black dog.
The laptop became warm.
If you change your mind, just say the word and I'll be there.
She thought Portuguese sangria was absolutely disgusting.
It really bugged me.
I want racecars to be legal for average people.
I made some steak.
We reached London this afternoon.
She was out on the deck of the ship when she saw the first ghosts.
She got Taco Bell for lunch to try to cheer herself up, but it only made her more upset.
This would be a fun place to get married.
He is only about six feet tall.
Did you eat my leftovers out of the fridge?
The giant worm terrified him.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
Tom has a big box of stuff in my attic.
He liked dark roast coffee because he thought it was stronger.
He’s as proud as a peacock.
Tom picked up his glass and took a big sip of wine.
This is because we feel pain.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
How often do you see George?
I put on my underclothes, shirt and trousers.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
They rode their bikes to the beach.
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Be patient because I can’t do it all right now.
She had never appreciated radio news shows.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
Tom owns a very big house on Park Street.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
You matter to me.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
Italians eat a large meal twice a day.
Big time players will always make big time plays.
That's a pretty big job to do all by yourself.
The earth goes round the sun.
When she went to the pool, she didn't know what she'd find.
We should reach out to anybody who might be willing to help.
what I remember is that she was with us at 8 pm.
I just passed the funniest bridge.
The dog was exceedingly cute, except for when he was pooping.
He wanted to find out what had happened to his brother.
I don't agree with everything you said.
They celebrated his birthday with a big party.
Her fiancé gave her a very shiny ring.
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
I love my new pets.
The beekeeper was so confident that she didn't bother to wear protective gear.
I am a genius.
What are you doing?
Do you have a bigger frying pan?
The stained glass window had slivers of yellow, orange, and red.
The books will be difficult to find in Japan.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
It's currently raining.
They got off on the wrong foot.
Who told you that?
I just made it.
Her dress was blue with white and pink polka dots, and it was ripped down the back.
I'm always on time.
There is not much to do in South Carolina other than sit on a beach.
You can't talk to me unless you tell me your favorite color.
We can make ice cream.
I’m having second thoughts about getting married so soon.
He fixed the sleeve under his coat.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
My goal is to save lives, not cost them.
The newspaper got wet in the rain.
He fell down the stairs so hard the breath was knocked out of him.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven a monster truck.
She thought Conan O'Brian was the only good late-night TV host.
I've got other problems.
Rosa likes tea better than coffee.
I run four miles every morning.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
You’re a fantastic cook.
She had a water bottle with  a built-in water filter.
She got a cherry glazed donut and a black coffee.
We don't need to do everything on the list.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
Pandas are so adorable.
I've been a big fan of yours for a long time.
Your mom is so nice for giving me a ride home today.
Her paintings are works of art.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Peter asked Jill to marry him.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
It's hard to distinguish fake news.
Thinking of the past is weird.
True communism will not be achieved until every last person on earth has been cancelled.
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
He lives on this street.
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
I’m sorry to interrupt you.
She tried to be as vague as possible when she was on the phone with her mom, but sometimes she forgot and gave specific details.
My boyfriend loves this song.
Daya chose a song from the list to sing.
In France, she accidentally bought a pepperoni pizza when she meant to get cheese.
I wish I had never gone surfing that day.
Nothing ever really took off.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
She is putting on red lipstick.
Talking with you is a pleasure.
She considered reporting her landlord for inhospitable living conditions, but she was worried they would retaliate against her.
My family just got home.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
The rabbit leaped over the tiny fence.
She dissed my mother.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
She hoped she wasn't about to get fired.
The painting looked like something out of the 1700s.
They're not big fans of mine.
He wore a costume to the party.
I'll talk you through every step of the aquatic soccer game.
How long does it really take to heal from a bullet wound?
Eurasia has a very rich history.
I entered Tom's name on the list of candidates.
She decided that she had to work on writing better ledes for her newspaper articles.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
Here's the shirt Tom gave me.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
It's raining cats and dogs and mice and lemurs.
My mom got a new job.
The delayed train has been an unexpected event today.
It’s bound to happen eventually.
We were on the lake yesterday.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
These shoes are just way too large.
I turn off the light.
She loved first dates because it was a great way to meet cool people.
I want you to remember that.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
He was so surprised that he dropped the dumbbells right on his foot.
The choice was mine.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
As a kid, she thought that dinosaurs were still alive and lived in the woods behind her house.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
He had a green thumb.
My summer internship with them remains one of my most formative experiences.
Diamonds are forever.
How big a discount did you get?
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
We have bigger fish to fry.
Can we stop pretending to like kale?
My mother never lies.
Tom is a big shot.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
Tom threw a party at his house while his parents were on vacation.
In Shanghai, there is a tower called the Pearl Tower which has a big round base and a pointed tip.
She promised she would reserve a room for me.
My sweater got caught on the door hinge.
I don't know why he bought instant coffee when there was a free espresso machine around the corner which was constantly stocked.
She liked brick, but only interesting, old, faded brick.
She attended kindergarten in 2013.
I have a feeling the boss won’t be happy about this.
It’s as dry as a bone.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I've ever met.
We often call him by his nickname.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
I broke my computer.
She washed it.
Are you honestly saying you believe in ghosts?
He couldn't afford to eat anything but ramen and rice.
He was singing Welcome Home by Radical Face.
Tokyo is a very large city.
Do you think it's worth something?
Can’t wait to meet the baby.
This was your big idea, remember?
I am on the phone.
He's an agent for a big insurance company.
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
When she heard they were moving to China, she was distraught.
The teacher was a little angry.
He made tuna noodle casserole for their first anniversary dinner, not realizing she found it disgusting.
I like cucumbers and olives.
Could you come to dinner?
A white background is easier to work with.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
The papers say that there was a big fire in Nagoya.
He goes to football every day.
Do you like animals?
Let's go shopping.
Star Trek is interesting to watch.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
Have a cigarette, won’t you?
Why don’t we go dancing?
Tom's father is not written on his birth certificate.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
I have 60 pairs of shoes.
Would you like a nice warm slice of apple pie?
You can decide which smoothie place we go to.
My only thing is that I'm working from home tomorrow.
I don’t want to be one of those parents who’s always on my phone around my kids.
I will have a baby in the near future.
Lincoln shot them.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
Here's a topographical map of Germany.
What did the taxidermist say she'd charge you?
There's creepers everywhere.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
I want to talk about something.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
He wanted to get the cheese so badly.
A white shirt makes people look tan.
He wears suspenders instead of a belt.
Being late is never okay.
I need to pack for my trip.
I want to talk to Prince Harry when I’m in England.
People don't realize how often you can fail as a writer, even after you get a good job or get a book deal.
You don’t say.
I put my headphones on and listened to some smooth jazz.
May I sit down?
You may choose what to eat from this list.
I'll be back.
I wanted to read the book.
A huge wave turned over his canoe.
We generally sing songs all together.
We drink coffee every morning.
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
This company's profit margin is very big.
Tom has big plans.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
You're simply the best.
His chopsticks were made from bamboo.
It’s around three hours long.
You are making a big mistake.
I'm going to the mall.
When one considers the issue from a different perspective, the answer seems to change.
On the other hand, I feel like I just have to do it for my sanity.
I think you have the wrong number.
I want to plug my ears.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
The work itself is very easy.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
You can't miss it.
Don’t open the door!
You’ll get used to it.
What time do you get up every day?
I just took a nap.
Hurry up, slowpoke!
Everyone knew about the slimy stuff she was up to.
You're making the biggest mistake of your life.
My hair curler is broken.
Are you sure narwhals are real?
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
He left in a huff.
He’s not telling the whole truth.
She had a grudge against GrubHub.
I said, "I don't want to be a pop star, I just want to be a regular teen."
His boss will be mad at the meeting.
There are too many people talking at once.
I just passed the funniest cheese wheel.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
Tom Jackson was one of the names I recognized on that list.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
Our house is a historic building and protected monument.
The smoke was high in the sky.
We can go to the movies.
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
I've got to shave before work.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
That will do.
I am dreaming of a better world.
Please don't say any spoilers.
What did you dress up as last Halloween?
He reminds me of your brother.
I brush my teeth and comb my hair.
You will soon be used to living in a big city.
We have a long day tomorrow.
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
That is a huge deal for me.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
Democracy over what we work on is called socialist "authoritarianism".
It was a very cold fall.
You must know the sound of each letter in the English alphabet.
When she got her new ID, they hole-punched her old one.
A new movie is better than an old one.
I am in a hurry today because I was working out for too long.
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
Julie talks very fast.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
Healthy beautiful smiles are what we like to see.
Tom has some pretty big shoes to fill.
I love you more than I've ever loved my dog.
My dog loves treats.
She painted her face purple for Halloween, so she could go as a grape.
That's a pretty big fish you've just caught.
He carried the bananas in a cardboard box on his head.
The earth is far larger than the moon.
It doesn't look like there's any big reason to hurry.
She fell off the bull two seconds after she got on.
He’s a bit tipsy.
Every child likes an ice cream.
I’m left wondering if she understood the joke.
Good gracious!
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
It was a misunderstanding.
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
I have a first name and a surname.
She spread the bread with socks.
It only took a single blow from the axe to knock the tree down.
On top of all that, her parents told her yesterday that they were getting a divorce.
She was born to dance.
The ocean is my favorite view.
Are you sure you don't have anything bigger?
Do you really want to play this game with me, mister?
Have you seen him?
Problem solving is important.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
Everyone was in on the joke except for me.
Those apples are very red.
I have no money at the moment.
Once you join me, we can go visit the aquarium at the mall.
Here is David with his guitar.
I wonder if she dressed herself as hastily as we did: the room still dark, neither of us awake enough to remember to turn on the light switch, the echo of the telephone bells in our ears.
Tom wants a house with a yard and a white picket fence.
Maybe he was brokering a deal.
I want many things for myself.
She liked stripes, on her clothes, her wall art, even her cutlery.
Our competitors don't normally ask us for advice, but when an airline leader reached out, we couldn't ignore it.
The black rocks are smooth.
Tom took a big bite out of Mary's sandwich.
I like salad and green beans.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
He has a nice restaurant near the lake.
Do you deliver to this address?
The plant was dying a sad little death.
We have a large supermarket.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
She sunburned herself so badly she looked like a tomato.
Women are statistically less likely to be hired for any given job.
Can I use your pencil?
The enemy destroyed the city.
I am often drinking alcohol for relief from my pain/sadness.
This is my operating room, so you all need to shut up.
I've never seen a whale that big.
How do you celebrate Easter?
I have an organic banana bread maker.
He camped out in front of the tree to save it, but they just waited until he was asleep to move him and knock it down.