
I had a hangover.
I brush my teeth and comb my hair.
I like the smell of rain.
I want to have my name taken off the list.
She was twenty-two years old and had never drank a Coca Cola in her life.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
The computer was hot and overheated.
We can’t get there on time.
She was hyped up and ready to get to work.
On the safari she went on in South Africa, she saw lions, elephants, and meerkats.
This was your big idea, remember?
There was a list of available candidates.
I beg your pardon.
House prices have gone up this year.
I made a list of people I wanted to invite to my party.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
I got the money back.
That's it, go to time-out!
I'm not as big a fool as you think I am.
I also have two credit cards.
She wasn't sure where all the lesbian bars had gone.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
The window looks out on a garden.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
She told him to grow up.
I do not like zoos.
We have weight training classes.
His last play was a big hit.
Where do you live?
If you want one piece of advice from me, it's to freeze your oranges before you eat them.
Why didn't you just call the police?
There are many things that confuse me about that.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
She came up behind him when he was on the phone.
I’ll talk to him first thing in the morning.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
Being late is never okay.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
His speech covered many subjects.
She had a black thumb.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
Blood is thicker than water.
You have a really big day ahead of you.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
Today is the first day he made it to work on time in a while.
Is she choking?
I won’t believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
She didn't know how much more of this she could take before she snapped.
His anxiety was driving me crazy, so I told a joke and made him laugh.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
That's typically how it goes now.
He is holding his wrist.
She didn't know if she was supposed to recognize him or not.
You don’t have to be into the wilderness to enjoy camping.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
She paid over a thousand dollars a month for her tiny studio apartment, which did not have a dishwasher or consistent heating.
I am busy right now with my work.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
There was a parade today.
Many large cities have smog.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
My dad killed my houseplants.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
Last night I got scared because of the movie I watched.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
I'm always late and I don't care.
She started wondering if he was cheating on her when she saw the receipt for an expensive jewelry purchase.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
It is what it is.
This is real life.
How's it going now that you're all alone?
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
That would be a really big surprise, wouldn't it?
I've got rough hands.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
The findings of a new study that looked at the heart of a swimmer vs the heart of a runner underscored how sensitive our bodies are to different types of exercise.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
"Oh god on earth!" he screamed.
A lovely day isn't it.
He reminds me of your brother.
I wanted to go to Milan, but the flights were expensive, so I settled for Florence.
He is the person to see.
Your house is beautiful.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
He had green welding goggles and when he wore them, he looked like a frog.
Your stance tells me.
The earth is far larger than the moon.
Why does it rain?
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
Their hot chocolate was very mediocre.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
When I am hungry, I eat food.
You're suffering from allergies.
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
Here's the shirt Tom gave me.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
Parenting is awesome.