
He feels small next to him.
Learning about other countries history is fun.
He had a knife to his throat.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
Please, take pity on me!
She became more and more beautiful.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Her water bottle had a built-in filtration system.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
I was taking care of the dog.
I have a surprise for you.
The girl had very long, very pretty hair and round glasses.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
It’s not very likely that she went out for lunch.
Sarah's coffee had started to cool down.
It's stressful to watch other people sing.
There's a big bottle of aspirin in the medicine cabinet.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
She kept her stuffed animal from childhood on a shelf above her desk.
I have 10 hair curlers.
I have a whole list of people to call.
Why not go back to them and tell them you changed your mind?
Juice was something I never drank.
She bought the book because she liked the movie, not realizing the two were very different.
You need to look at the big picture here.
Yes, it is unfair to the people who paid off their student loans to cancel everyone's debt now.
She was a firm believer in the power of McDonald's chicken nuggets to fix all problems.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
Pandas are fat.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
She knew they were going to sabotage her, but she had no way to stop them.
They want Alaskan salmon for lunch.
It makes me forget all my problems.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
You have no idea what a relief it is.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
I'm not a big fan of snacking.
I pick you up in front of the hotel.
She was interested in photography but couldn't afford a camera.
Tom wasn't that big a fool.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
She was very tired as a general rule.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
People always have justifications for hurting others, but they are rarely good justifications.
How do you say that in English?
He's got some brain condition that makes him think he's a flamingo.
They moved the house across the state with them.
Wearing long sleeves in the winter is a good idea.
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
I went to the dentist the other day, and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
I agree it’s not bad to steal from a convenience store.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
Can you let me know when you're here?
She had always wanted to be a boxer, but was so weak that she never made it more than a class or two before giving up.
If only I could fly.
In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jacks.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
He struck his attacker in the ear.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
I don't want to live in a mansion.
My sister just got home.
Great benefits are included in the deal.
How do you expect me to bake a turkey with a broken oven?
I'd like you to show me where the sweaters are.
She still loves him.
I dressed as a fairy last Halloween.
He's finally stopping.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
The professor marked down one point for every use of the word 'interesting' in a paper.
I need to look at your car.
Life is full of ups and downs.
It's just too bad about the people though.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
Mind your own business!
I want a complete list of your books.
Being fashionable is easy.
Bumble is better.
There are eggs in the nest.
Can I open the door?
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
I’m not big on commitment.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
She wished applying for jobs was easier.
Save your appetite for dinner.
He loves to play basketball.
Lying and stealing are immoral.
She doesn’t teach chemistry.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
My father doesn’t speak good English.
Did you go to college?
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
Ridiculous!
A wooden bridge was built over the river.
You came to me and give me everything I need.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.